add move to cloud guide part 1 (#5058)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/manual-install-qs.md

---
## Introduction

When you use dbt Core to work with dbt, you will be editing files locally using a code editor, and running projects using a command line interface (CLI). 

> If you'd rather edit files and run projects using the web-based Integrated Development Environment (IDE), you should refer to the [dbt Cloud quickstarts](/guides). You can also develop and run dbt commands using the [dbt Cloud CLI](/docs/cloud/cloud-cli-installation) &mdash; a dbt Cloud powered command line.

Reviewer: There are lots of guides - is there a specific one we can link to here
```suggestion
If you want to edit files and run projects using the web-based dbt Integrated Development Environment (IDE), refer to the [dbt Cloud quickstarts](/guides). You can also develop and run dbt commands using the [dbt Cloud CLI](/docs/cloud/cloud-cli-installation) &mdash; a dbt Cloud powered command line.
```

Author: unless we want to link to a specific adapter guide? which i don't think we should do. and since we can't link to a filtered page, I've opted for the guides.

After setting up BigQuery to work with dbt, you are ready to create a starter project with example models, before building your own models.

### Related docs

> - [Switch from dbt Core to dbt Cloud](/guides/core-to-cloud-1?step=1)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Move from dbt Core to dbt Cloud](/guides/core-to-cloud-1?step=1)
```
